{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21540\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
App will always be open source and free and in public GitHub repo.\
D though ata will be protected and secure including api keys use info and created data (analyses, and query results). But users will bet able to access this data just not download the whole db.\
\
Need to add user authorisation and some tracking functionality.\
Better understand db architecture \
   - numerical data from SEC is in json format? Should it be in sql or something else.\
   - KB just contains words or numerical as well? Would numerical data in analyses be separate from numerical downloads from SEC, ie should we retain raw downloads from SEC in SQL DB or the like, or simpler just to continually download from SEC as required?\
   - should we only download new forms from SEC, ie do not download if we already have downloaded the most recent 10k/q\
   - should we include 20-f /13f or similar for foreign companies to US?\
  - need to store usernames passwords and activity securelly?\
\
Functionality\
 - can we include ml functionality (vis MPC tool?)- eg for sentiment analysis (might be better than current risk graph) or time series forecasts etc? \
 - can we include stock price info (via MPC - with search info on commentary re movt?\
 - is kb analysis augmented by additional web search/research. Should this allowed if user ticks an an approval box or something? Then if coy is not in SEC, a response will be given, but just what is on web etc.\
 - can we include cashlfow waterfall charts in financial analysis?\
 - can we include pdf/docx/excel(csv) download functionality of tables/reports where appropriate\
 - As more data is downloaded from SEC can the analysis window extend - so, for example, graph revenues over more years/quarters? \
\
\
Gradio\
  - should we plan for what we replace gradio with at some stage?\
  - at the moment gradio front end is still a bit confused. The report analyses selection only applies to the new and existing analysis reviews, not to kb/additional search\
  - can we make the report ribbon only applicable to the new/existing report queries?\
  - the report template queries should only reflect one company analysis. Multi-company analysis should be done on KB/web query tab (they don\'92t seem to be working anyway)\
  - if we can include additional tools in KB/web queries, we might need more template queries for that page, eg \'93 graph comparative price growth for MSFT and GOOGL over last 3 months\'94, may be ML ones as well?\
  \
}